kate and john coleman's marriage is
strained after the stillbirth of their
third child jessica
whose loss is particularly hard on kate
a recovering alcoholic
the couple decide to adopt a
nine-year-old russian girl
esther from the local orphanage
while their five-year-old deaf daughter
max embraces
esther almost immediately
[Music]
their 12-year-old son daniel acts cold
toward her
one night after talking of how things
have become since
esther came into their lives john and
kate begin to have sex before
esther interrupts them
kate becomes suspicious when esther
expresses far more knowledge of sex than
expected of a child her age but john
theorizes she may have learned this from
her previous foster parents
later esther demonstrates hostile
behavior
killing an injured pigeon an act widely
associated with being the precursor to
psychopathic behavior in children
and injuring a bullying classmate by
pushing her from a climbing frame at the
park
furthering kate's suspicions
[Music]
sister abigail the head of the orphanage
visits the household warning kate and
john of other tragic events surrounding
esther
later esther bates abigail by pushing
maxine onto the road
she nearly runs over the girl with her
car
horrified abigail rushes to check on max
astor walks up behind abigail and bashes
her
over the head with a hammer she is
dragged further from the road where she
regains consciousness
astor finishes her off with the same
hammer and pushes her body
into a ditch hiding the evidence in
daniel's treehouse
she catches daniel spying on her
interrogates him
and threatens to kill him if he tells
his parents
as kate becomes further convinced that
esther's behavior is sinister
john suggests esther do something nice
for kate
astor brings her a bouquet of flowers
from jessica's grave
angering kate who roughly grabs esther's
arm in response
later that night esther purposely breaks
her arm and blames kate
leading her to purchase two wine bottles
however she resists drinking and empties
one of the bottles
the next day esther releases the break
in the car
causing it to roll into oncoming traffic
with max inside
when esther points out the wine bottle
she found in the kitchen
john and kate's therapist dr browning
suggest that kate return to rehab and
john threatens to divorce her if she
refuses
kate later discovers that esther came
from an estonian mental hospital and the
orphanage esther claims she was from has
no records of her
when daniel learns about sister
abigail's death from maxson searches the
tree house
esther sets it on fire
[Music]
causing daniel to fall lose
consciousness and be seriously
injured astor attempts to kill him
but is prevented by max
while daniel is in the hospital esther
smothers him
kate whose suspicions have been
confirmed
has had enough and strikes her but she
is physically restrained and sedated
that night esther attempts to seduce a
drunken john
who threatens to send esther back to the
orphanage for her behavior
at the hospital kate is contacted by dr
varava of the sarn institute and learns
that esther is actually a 33 year old
woman named lena clammer born
in estonia in the soviet union
she has hypopituitarism a rare hormonal
disorder that stunted her physical
growth and caused proportional dwarfism
and she has spent most of her life
posing as a little
girl kate is also told that lena has
murdered at least seven people
including the last family that adopted
her
after failing to seduce her adoptive
father
and that the ribbons esther wears around
her wrists and neck have been hiding
scars from trying to break out of a
straitjacket
meanwhile lena removes her disguise and
stabs jon to death
which max witnesses
[Music]
after kate rushes home lena grabs a gun
and attempts to shoot kate
wounding her arm max seeks refuge in the
greenhouse
lena looks for any family member to
shoot
and kate tries to hide on top of the
glass
after lena begins to open fire at max
kate starts yelling and exposes her
location to lena
lena then tries to shoot her but kate
breaks through the roof and lands on top
of her
kate and max run away as the police
arrive
but lena attacks kate near a frozen pond
knocking the gun away from kate and
hurling them onto the ice
max tries to shoot lena but shatters the
ice
sending lena and kate underwater
kate climbs out with lena clinging to
her legs
lena in a final desperate attempt pleads
with kate to save her while hiding a
knife behind her back
kate screams of lena that she's not her
mother and kicks her in the jaw
breaking her neck and killing her lena
sinks into the icy pond as kate and max
meet up with the police
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe
welcomes to movies summary today i am
going to explain
crime thriller movie hannibal a decade
after tracking down
serial killer james gum fbi special
agent clarice starling is blamed for a
botched drug raid
she is contacted by mason berger the
only surviving victim of the
cannibalistic serial killer hannibal
lecter
who has been missing since escaping
custody during the gum investigation
a wealthy child molester verger was
paralyzed and disfigured by lecter
during a therapy session
he has been pursuing an elaborate scheme
to capture
torture and kill elector ever since
using his wealth and political influence
berger has starling reassigned to
lecter's case
hoping her involvement will draw lecter
out
after learning of starling's disgrace
lecter sends her a taunting letter
a perfume expert identifies a fragrance
on the letter
skin cream with ingredients only
available to a few shops in the world
she contacts the police departments of
the cities where the shops are located
requesting surveillance tapes in one
city
florence chief inspector ronaldo patsy
is investigating the disappearance of a
library curator
potsie questions lecter who is
masquerading as dr
phel the assistant curator and caretaker
recognizing dr fell in the surveillance
tape
potsie accesses the violent criminal
apprehension program database of wanted
fugitives
he learns of burger's 3 million united
states dollars personal bounty on lecter
seeking the bounty hatsey ignores
starling's warnings and attempts to
capture lector alone
he recruits a pickpocket to obtain
lector's fingerprint
to show verger as proof the pickpocket
mortally wounded by lecter manages to
get the print and gives it to potzi
lector baits potzi into an isolated room
of the palazzo vecchio
ties him up disembowels him and hangs
him from the balcony
berger bribes justice department
official paul krendler to accuse
starling of withholding a note from
lecter
leading to her suspension lecter lures
starling to union station
burgers men having trailed starling
capture and bring lector to berger
berger intends to feed lector alive to a
herd of wild boars bread for this
purpose
after her superiors refuse to act
starling
infiltrates berger's estate after
neutralizing two guards and freeing
lecter
she is shot by a third guard lector
picks up an unconscious starling just
before the boars break through the doors
berger orders his physician cordell
dohemling to shoot lecter
but at lector's suggestion cordell
shoves his hated boss into the pen with
lector offering to take the blame
lecter carries starling away and the
boar's eat berger alive
collector takes starling to krindler's
secluded lake house and treats her
wounds
when crendler arrives lector subdues and
drugs him
starling disoriented by morphine and
dressed in a cocktail dress
awakens to find krendler seated at the
table set for an elegant dinner
weakened by the drugs she watches in
horror as lecture removes part of
krendler's prefrontal cortex
sautes it and feeds it to him
starling tries to attack lecter but he
overpowers and traps her
she handcuffs his wrist to hers hearing
the police closing in
lecter is about to sever her cuffed hand
to escape and brings down the cleaver
starling surrenders to the fbi with her
hands intact
on a flight lector prepares to eat a
meal he has brought himself
his bandaged arm in a sling lector
shares cooked brain with the boy next to
him
saying it is important always to try new
things
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe
malcolm crowe a child psychologist in
philadelphia
returns home one night with his wife
anna after having been honored for his
work
a young man appears in their bathroom
and accuses malcolm of failing him
malcolm recognizes him as vincent gray
a former patient he treated as a child
for hallucinations
before he can talk vincent down vincent
shoots him and then himself
next fall malcolm begins working with
colcier a nine-year-old boy
malcolm feels he must help him in order
to rectify
his failure and reconcile with his wife
who has become distant and cold
cole's mother lynn worries about his
social skills
especially after seeing signs of
physical harm
cole eventually confides his secret to
malcolm
he sees ghosts walking around like the
living
unaware that they are dead malcolm
thinks cole is delusional and considers
dropping his case
after listening to an audio tape from a
session with vincent
malcolm hears a weeping man begging for
health in spanish
and believes that cole is telling the
truth
he suggests that cole try to find a
purpose for his gift by communicating
with the ghosts and helping them finish
their business
cole is unwilling at first but agrees to
try to help
cole awakens one night to discover a
ghost girl vomiting
after finding out who she is cole goes
with
malcolm to the funeral reception at her
home
cole is directed to a box holding a
videotape
which he gives to the ghost girl's
father
the tape shows the girl's mother
poisoning her daughter's food
by doing this cole saves the girl's
younger sister from the same fate
learning to live with the ghosts he sees
cole begins to fit in at school and is
cast as the lead in the school play
before departing cole suggests that
malcolm should try speaking to anna
while she is asleep
stuck in traffic cole tells his mother
his secret
and says that someone died in an
accident down the road
when lynn does not believe him cole
tells her his grandmother visits him and
describes how she saw lynn
in a dance performance when she was a
child
giving details he could not have known
malcolm returns home to find his wife
asleep in their wedding video playing
talking in her sleep anna asks why he
left her and drops malcolm's wedding
ring
recalling what cole told him about how
dead people only see what they want to
see
malcolm starts to see things he did not
see earlier
he recalls being shot and locates his
gunshot wounds and he discovers that he
died that night from the wound and has
been dead the entire time he was working
with cole
malcolm tells his wife she was never
second to anything and that he loves her
because of cole's efforts malcolm's
business is
finally complete and his spirit departs
in a flash of light
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe
in 1760 young barnabas collins and his
wealthy family set
sail from liverpool to the new world
establishing the town of kalinsport in
maine in their grand estate
collinwood fifteen years later
barnabas spurns the advances of his
servant angelique
secretly a witch she murders his parents
with dark magic and curses barnabas out
of jealousy so that
all he loves will die under the spell
his a set falls from a cliff to her
death
barnabas throws himself after her but
survives
further cursed by angelique to eternal
suffering as a vampire
angelique turns the town against
barnabas and buries him alive
[Music]
in 1972 maggie evans
who bears an uncanny resemblance to
gisette
travels to collinwood to fill the
position of governess
she assumes the name victoria winters
and meets the dysfunctional collins
descendants
matriarch elizabeth her brother roger
her teenage daughter carolyn rogers
young son david
who believes he sees his late mother's
ghost and live-in psychiatrist dr
hoffman
that night victoria is visited by the
ghost of gisette
a construction crew building a
mcdonald's unwittingly frees barnabas
from his tomb
he apologetically feeds on their blood
and makes his way to colinwood
perplexed by the modern day technology
and fashion he encounters
at the manor he hypnotizes the caretaker
willie
into his service and reveals to
elizabeth that the legends of her
long-lost ancestor are true
barnabas asks to rejoin the family and
shows elizabeth the manor's secret
passages and hidden treasure though wary
she introduces him to the family as a
distant relative from england with plans
to reclaim the collins fortune
elizabeth and barnabas use his powers of
persuasion and the family treasure to
restore the collins canning company in
collinwood to its former glory
as barnabas adjusts to modern life and
falls for victoria
angelique having survived through the
centuries and now owner of
rival angel bay seafood is still in love
with barnabas
to protect victoria barnabas gives into
angelique's lust and they have
gravity-defying sex in her office
afterward a remorseful barnabas again
rejects angelique's love
barnabas hosts a happening at collinwood
for the entire town with alice cooper as
entertainment
he finds victoria who reveals that she
has seen the ghost of gissette her
entire life
her parents committed her to an asylum
but she escaped and was drawn to
collinwood
she returns barnabas affections and they
kiss
to angelique's dismay dr hoffman learns
of barnabas true nature
he confronts the greedy roger and offers
him a choice
to become a better father to david or to
leave collinwood with enough money to
live out his life elsewhere
roger chooses the latter heartbroken
david is nearly struck by a falling
disco ball
but barnabas saves him with supernatural
speed and catches fire in the daylight
revealing himself as a vampire to the
shocked household
desperate barnabas meets with angelique
who goads him into confessing to his
murders and demands he join her as her
paramour
barnabas refuses and is again trapped in
a coffin
angelique destroys the collins cannery
and with a recording of barnabas
confession
rallies the town against the family
david freeze barnabas who confronts
angelique at collinwood
they battle and anjali can chance the
house to turn against the family
despite the efforts of a shotgun
wielding elizabeth and carolyn
who outs herself as a werewolf angelique
reveals that she was responsible for the
werewolf that bit carolyn is an infant
and for the deaths of david's mother and
barnabas parents
the ghost of david's mother
incapacitates angelique
and the household escapes the burning
manner
angelique offers barnabas her heart
which crumbles as she dies
he races to the cliff and finds victoria
unwilling to live as a mortal with him
but he refuses to turn her into a
vampire she steps off the cliff
and he leaps after her biting her as
they plummet to the ground
victoria awakens in barnabas arms as a
vampire
declaring herself giusette and they
passionately embrace movie
ends in that scene please like share and
subscribe
[Music]
a musician casey affleck lives with his
wife in a small house in dallas
texas they lead a happy life together
and are looking for a new home and
planning their move
she tells him that before she moves away
from a place
she likes to hide a note for herself
there in case she ever returns
they occasionally hear strange noises in
the house
one night they hear a loud bang in their
living room
which contains a piano which came with
the house
they cannot find the source of the noise
the next morning the husband is killed
in a car accident in front of their
house
at the hospital his wife views his body
before covering it with a sheet the man
awakens as a ghost
still covered in the sheet and wanders
through the hospital
invisible to others a door of light
opens before him
but he makes no attempt to approach it
and it closes
he walks home and watches his wife
grieve
through the window he sees another
sheet-covered ghost
inside the house next door the two
ghosts wave to one another
one night the wife arrives home with a
man whom she kisses
the ghost hurls books from the shelf and
turns lights on and off
the wife later listens to a song written
by her husband
she eventually decides to move out
before she leaves she writes a short
note and hides it in a gap in a wall
the ghost picks at the gap but cannot
retrieve the note
a family moves into the house the ghost
watches them eat dinner
play the piano and celebrate christmas
he becomes more and more agitated and
the children
sense and become upset by his presence
one night the ghost gets upset after
seeing a framed photo of the happy
family on the piano and knocks it down
then starts hurling plates and glasses
from the kitchen cabinet in anger
the family moves away the second ghost
continues to wait next door at a party
thrown by the next occupants
a hipster explains the premise of the
film
positing that remnants of the past such
as beethoven's symphonies
will linger in the collective human
memory long past the collapse of
civilization
the man then describes the big crunch
theory
which concludes that the entire universe
will eventually collapse back into a
singularity
the partygoers notice the lights
flickering
the house is eventually abandoned and
becomes derelict
the ghost finally manages to slide the
note out of the wall
but just as he does bulldozers level the
house
along with the house next door as they
look at each other atop the rubble of
their former homes
the second ghost realizes and remarks
they're not coming back and suddenly
vanishes from under its
sheet which crumples to the ground
the man's ghost watches as a skyscraper
is built where his house stood
he walks through the building under
construction
which is eventually completed as an
office building
he then goes out onto the roof seeing a
futuristic cityscape
the ghost jumps from the ledge and falls
the ghost is then standing in an empty
field
where a family of settlers is staking
out a claim on which to build a house
he watches the family's young daughter
who is humming the song he wrote
she writes a note and hides it under a
rock
the settler family is then shown dead
after an attack
and the ghost watches as the daughter's
corpse decays and the field grows over
it
finally the ghost is inside the house
again watching as his living self and
his wife see
it for the first time he asks the
realtor about the piano
which she says has always been here
as he watches the couple he sees tension
in the marriage
and the husband is resisting the idea of
moving out
the night before his death he tells his
wife that he is ready to move
the ghost sits at the piano and strikes
the keys
causing the noise that startled them at
the beginning
later as the wife moves out the ghost
sees his earlier self
now a ghost also but unaware of the
other's presence watching her leave
he goes to retrieve the note from the
wall as before
and this time manages to reach it
upon opening and reading the note the
ghost's sheet crumples and he vanishes
movie ends in that scene
please like share and subscribe after a
year
most of earth's human population has
been annihilated by blind creatures with
hypersensitive hearing that attack
anything that makes noise
they are covered in armor which protects
them from bullets and explosives
the avid family wife evelyn husband lee
deaf daughter regan and sons marcus and
beau
silently scavenge for supplies in a
deserted town
going barefoot while outdoors the family
communicates in american sign language
inside a store four-year-old bow is
drawn to a battery-powered space shuttle
toy
but lee takes it away due to the noise
it would make
regan returns the toy de beau who also
takes the batteries that his father
removed from it
beau activates the toy when the family
is crossing a bridge
alerting a nearby creature that kills
him
over a year later regan struggles with
guilt over her brother's death
evelyn enters the final stages of
pregnancy and lee fruitlessly tries to
make radio contact with the outside
world
lee attempts to upgrade regan's cochlear
implant with scavenged miniature
amplifiers to restore her hearing
but the devices are ineffective later
lee takes marcus to a nearby river with
a large waterfall to teach him how to
fish
while regan sneaks off to visit beau's
memorial
lee tells marcus it is safe to talk when
there are louder background
sounds that mask their voices from the
creatures
marcus says that regan blames herself
for beau's death and needs her father to
tell her he still loves her
alone at the house evelyn goes into
labor
while making her way to their basement
she accidentally steps on an
exposed nail with her bare foot and
drops a glass picture frame
alerting a nearby creature evelyn flips
a switch that changes the exterior house
lights to red as a signal to the others
and struggles to remain
silent during her contractions
arriving at the farm and seeing the
lights lee instructs marcus to set off
fireworks as a diversion
lee finds evelyn hiding in the bathroom
with their newborn son
they make their way to the improvised
soundproof basement
lee leaves to find the other children
evelyn falls asleep but awakens to
discover the basement is flooded from a
broken water pipe and that a creature is
inside with her
regan and marcus take refuge atop a
grain silo and light a fire to signal
their father
a hatch door suddenly gives way and
marcus falls into the silo
the falling door distracts the creature
that was stalking evelyn and it instead
targets marcus and regan
regan who has jumped in after marcus
sinks into the corn and nearly
suffocates but marcus saves her
regan's cochlear implant reacts to the
proximity of the creature by emitting a
high frequency sound that repels it
the children escape the silo and find
their father
the creature return
attacking and wounding lee while marcus
and regan hide in a pickup truck
marcus shouts attracting the creature
away from his father to the truck
lee signs to regan that he loves her and
always has
before yelling to draw the creature to
him
the creature attacks and kills lee regan
and marcus roll the truck down a hill to
escape and reunite with evelyn and the
baby at the farmhouse
the four retreat to the basement when
the creature returns
regan who realizes that the sound made
by the implant distresses the creature
switches the device back on and places
it on a nearby microphone
amplifying the feedback painfully
disoriented the creature exposes the
flesh beneath its armored head
allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it with
a shotgun
the family views a cctv monitor
showing two creatures attracted by the
noise of the shotgun blast approaching
the house
with their newly acquired knowledge of
the creature's weakness
the members of the family arm themselves
and prepare to fight back
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe
a boy named light is shown in the
beginning of the film
at that time light is at his school
suddenly the seasonal changes occur
winds begin to blow and a notebook falls
on the earth from the sky
light finds that notebook and he
scrutinizes it and he keeps it in his
possession here it is exposed
this was not an ordinary notebook but a
mysterious ancient
notebook then it starts raining there
light observes
going inside that a mischievous student
of school is teasing another boy of
school
and light forbids him to do as such
while that boy punches light in return
light falls on the ground along with his
bad teacher discovers the home
assignments of other students from
lights back here the secret of light is
revealed that he helps out the other
students in their home assignments
light is sent to the principal for this
cause light is kept in a room isolated
as a punishment sitting in isolation he
recalls the ancient notebook then he
begins to read that book it was not a
normal notebook but it was stuffed with
the statements of rules
there were also rules and regulations to
keep this notebook this notebook belongs
to the centuries ago light senses
awkward getting this notebook the
mysterious happening begins to occur
when he is examining this notebook light
observes a weird things there it was not
a human being but another creature
it was giving a heinous and devilish
look having the pointed body surface
light is scared too much witnessing him
but he understands everything later that
he is not any creature but a death
spirit and this death spirit is the
owner of this notebook
death sprit tells light about the
reality of this notebook as what it can
do
there are some specific notes in this
book which have been called
death notes and the keeper of this book
is the owner of this notebook it means
light was the owner of this notebook at
that time the important fact of this
notebook is that
written name of any person on its death
note will soon die the owner of notebook
can kill anyone according to his liking
as light can write any way of killing in
the notebook after selection then the
victim would die according to the
written statement that owner will have
to follow some of the rules for doing so
like does not trust in it right now
death sprit with book is visible before
that person who is the owner of the
notebook at that time
death spirit tells light you have to
write at least a name in the notebook
within seven days this notebook will be
owned to another person if he does not
write the name of anyone disobeying the
rule the condition to write the name of
anyone in notebook is that owner must
have in the mind the face and real name
of that person and only way of death
will be written which exist in reality
death sprints says to the light you must
apply this notebook and light looks at
that mischievous boy through the room
window who is also teasing someone at
that time and he had also
hit light being agreed with death spirit
light writes down the name of that boy
in the notebook he writes the way of
death for that boy as his head will be
crushed then the site of outside is
shown which is immediately changes who
cars are collided
with each other while one car had the
iron ladder in it with which that boy's
head
is crushed in reality everyone with
light is left shocked witnessing it
seeing light had started to believe
that the told facts by death spirit are
based on truth
so the light is very frightened death
spirit tells lie
that you can do many things with the
help of this book i will give this
ownership of this notebook to another
one if you don't want to have this
notebook
afterwards light returns to his house
lights father is seen in the house who
was detective then it is shown that a
criminal had killed light's mother a few
years ago but that criminal was
wandering freely because of having no
evidence
so there was not good association
between father and son
due to this light is angered with his
father saying you are not avenging my
mother
light used to be upset because of this
reality then light hits upon an idea
that he may write the name of that
criminal in that death note and he does
the same he writes down the name of
criminal
in the death note then the same criminal
is shown while was celebrating a party
with his buddies
all of a sudden he is dead in front of
everyone the father and son are
satisfied hearing the death news of that
criminal here light avenges his mother
and the relationship between both father
and son also restored
then light thinks how did this notebooks
magic use for the good purpose
light was pondering it sitting at the
school then the girls named mia comes to
him
mia is the bosom friend of light so he
reveals his secret to her
that i have found a mysterious book any
person is dead whom name is written in
it but mia does not trust it light
shows me a demonstration to prove it
where killer arrives on the scene light
writes down about the killer in death
note as he will be dead when a car
crashes with him
it happens the same because light knew
the real name and face of that killer in
his mind
mia is left surprised witnessing it they
plan we are the owner of a great power
so we will eradicate the evilest persons
from this world
evilest people include as criminals
murders and such threatening people
for doing so the face and the real name
could easily be explored
through internet so they put the evil
people's name in the list
and the evil people also begin to meet
their fate gradually here it is also
revealed that notebooks owner can hold
sway over the dying person
light had chosen a name for himself
which was kira as light used to write
the name cara whenever someone died
so the evilest people may leave doing
the wrong deed after being terrorized by
this name that
kira has arrived to end all criminals
and evilest people
at first sight this news is gone viral
throughout the world that a serial
killer kira has come who is continuing
to kill everyone and some people were
favoring kira in this way the evilest
people will be rooted out from the world
there was no evidence
against light so it was not easy to
detect him then an
intelligence investigator is hired to
tackle this case that investigators name
was jay who was very sharp
used to mask his face and his real name
was also unknown by
anyone like and mia were very satisfied
in their life they had killed more than
400 people jay informs in a meeting that
kira reveal yourself before everyone
being an intelligent j investigates the
roots of this case j also takes the
companionship of lights father because
he was detective
so they may reach kira as soon as
possible light and mia are upset because
they had not thought that it will be
conspired to arrest them because they
were still
contented but jay's arrival had
increased their anxiety light asks his
father what will be the punishment of
kira if he is caught lights father tells
half of the population will demand that
kira should be sentenced to death while
half of the population will force to
investigate the way how he did it
knowing it lights anxiety is more
increased he also reveals it to mia and
he suggests to her that we should stop
it now because there were many people
including light under the suspicion of
jay because he could approach the data
of his father so
jaya assigns a duty of an agent to
detect light so he may keep an eye on
the activities of light knowing it like
keeps himself
calm down mia feels bad realizing the
lack of interest in notebook by light
because mia was feeling pleasure of
doing so jay had become the hinderance
on the way of light and mia but they
cannot kill him in spite of their will
because neither they had seen his face
nor they got knowledge of his real name
it was also the rule of the notebook
light and mia are talking over it that
name of all agents should be written
down in this notebook you are detecting
carousel other agents may be terrorized
by kira and they have to close this case
reluctantly it was the suggestion of mia
while light was not willing to do any
such thing because he was not willing to
take the life of innocent people so mia
has to agree with light contrarily jay
also comes to know that kira has
victimized those people who have been
shown on tv
and kira cannot victimize those whose
face and name
are unreal before him to avoid the
suspicion light decides that he will not
kill people for some days suddenly an
incident occurs as all agents commit
suicide
jumping off the bill or the agents of
this case and searching for kira these
names had not been written by light who
had written their names here a situation
is worsened because cara was killing the
evilest people till now people were
tagging him hero but he had killed
police now so he turned into a threat
who can
take the life of anyone light is
troubled because of this incident he
asks death spirit have you committed it
then death spirit tells these names have
been written by anyone else because i
cannot do it lights father challenges
kira in his seminar that stop
killing the innocent people kill me if
you have courage come before
everyone this news watched by mia and
like mia says to him in aggression
write down the name of your father in
that notebook he says to mia how can i
kill my father are you gone mad jay was
more wisely tackling this case he
inspects either kira kill lights father
or not but it does not happen light's
father remains alive so jay's suspicion
on light is turned into
belief because he is also a detective
tackling this case but he did not become
the victim of
kyra so kira is not anyone else but
light so jack in front slide at night he
attempts to explore from him that you
are kyra j
also interrogates light revealing his
face he says stop doing it now light
leaves overlooking him now the sword of
damocles hangs over his head he could
not kill jay in spite of his wish mia
says i had a great affection for you we
should do something to avoid this
trouble light thanks a lot to keep
j out of his way he says i have seen the
face of jnj's real name will surely been
owned by his friend light writes down
the name of jay's friend in that
notebook and he gets the control of him
now the notebooks one more rule is
revealed
here that person will be secured getting
no harm if the other burns the person's
name page but death spread exposes light
it will be done only for once now jay's
friend was under the control of light
but he was also unaware about the real
name of jay light orders him know about
the real name of jay at any rate jay's
friend
tells jus to visit an academy it is
possible that his documents may have his
real name so light immediately asks him
to visit academy jay's friend carries
out the order and moves to academy light
had planned that knowing the real name
of jay he will burn that page where
jay's friend name has been written and
he will be secured and
everything will come on its routine but
jay's suspected that his friend is
missing he also
understands that whole story that light
had also taken hold of him to know my
real name jay is distressed on it and he
comes to lights house without informing
he tells lights father your son is real
kira it is he who has disappeared my
friend but light was not in the state of
being suspected because there was no
evidence against
mjs finds nothing in their house while
discovering it nor that ancient notebook
because mia had taken it away with her
then light
receives the call of jay's friend who
says i have reached academy and he had
left a little time jay's friend is
nearly to reveal the name then light
checks there is not the page of name but
has disappeared when he is going to burn
it so jay's
friend is dead before telling the names
light is dejected on it then mia reveals
their secret in a dance party that i
have torn the name page of jay's friend
moreover i had also written the name of
agents in that notebook she tells i have
also written
your name in that notebook now and the
way of light's death is this his
heartbeat will stop working at midnight
leaving him dead she says i will burn
the page of your name if you hand over
this notebook to me it means mia flirts
with him in order to gain that notebook
knowing about the death of his friend
jay struggles hard to arrest light at
last jay catches light but jays says to
cook standing there he is kira help me
to capture him but cook
knocks jay out because he was the
defender of kira
light also takes mia with him while
running then they come to the swing and
caught upward meantime police also reach
their light says tamia you will not
touch this notebook if you love me we
will mutually bring things on their
correct form being
greedy mia disagrees with him she grabs
notebook from light light says to mia
seeing it you have wronged it at all
hearing it mia
understands light will have written my
name in this notebook their names were
on the pages of notebook so both
immediately fall down mia is dead at the
spot but light falls into the water then
light is shown in the hospital who had
gone into coma meanwhile more criminals
are also dead people notice that jay had
a suspicion on light who has gone into
coma and people
are still dying then i observed that a
page is separated from that notebook
when mia and light were falling down
from the swing and it is burnt and that
page had a written name light light had
acted wisely as when he knew that mia
had written his name
in the notebook then he wrote in the
book mia will be dead if she brings back
that notebook from him and the page
which has written name of light will be
burnt and when light fall into the water
he had also written the names of the
evilest persons in the book a corrupt
doctor makes light deeply unconscious
bringing him out of the water later the
same doctor commits suicide then another
man takes that notebook he write many
evil people in that notebook afterwards
that man brings notebook to light who
had come out of the coma
after this jay is terminated but he
discovers mia's house for the last time
and he gets the name of dead police
officers so all
allegations are put on mia light had
also recovered completely and also
gained that notebook but he had learned
a lesson that he will not trust anyone
from now on and the movie also
hello everyone welcomes to movie summary
in the distant future 2092
human beings have achieved immortality
through
electromagnetic cell technology they no
longer have to suffer from
illness and aging though at the cost of
infertility
nemo is the last mortal on earth he is
already 117 years old
but he insists that he is only 34 and
was born in 1975
everyone thinks he has lost his memory
thus calling him mr.craft
mr dot craft will spend the rest of his
life under the live
camera and all the people will vote to
decide whether to let die a natural
death
or to artificially prolong his existence
when he looks into the mirror and sees
old man with such a wrinkled face
he cries out in panic cleaning that this
must be a dream
and struggling to wake himself up no
trace of identity has been found and his
past remains a mystery
in order to figure out his project the
doctor uses one of the oldest hypnosis
to enter his subconsciousness
which traces back to the time before his
birth
all the children will stay in heaven
before they are born
they know everything the past the
present and the future
the angels of oblivion will place their
finger on
each child's mouth making a mark on
their lips
which means they will forget everything
however the angels forgot about nemo
therefore he able to remember his
different future lives
before incarnation every child has to
find a dad and a mom for himself
nemo chose the blonde woman who smelled
nice with a little bit of hormone flavor
so there he was
he is the only one who can see the
future and everything that is going to
happen is within his control
he once told his mom about the secret of
the angels of oblivion
but his gray words were not taken
seriously once back home nemo saw his
horny mom cheating with a man in a grove
he was so resentful and sad for the
mom's disloyalty to his father
as well as for not catching the nasty
two's hormone let go scenes
then his mom and dad had been quarreling
at the time that they
ended up with a divorce at the
crossroads of the train platform
nemo had to make a choice either to go
with his mom or to stay with his dad
finding it so hard to make the right
choice these choices are just like
schrodinger's cat full of
uncertainty no matter which life he
chooses
he has to give up the other one there is
no way to test which one is better
there is no way to test which one is
better however nemo has a special
ability to see the end of each life
if one way does not work he can go back
to the starting point and chooses the
other
it all started with the three girls he
met when he was a child
they were the girl in red the girl and
blur and the girl in yellow
he fell in love with red at first sight
at the school's swimming class
days later in a field activity when red
invited him to swim with her
much to her anger he just told her that
her friends were all idiots
and he didn't want to go swimming with
idiots red thought he was such a jerk
that she walked away
resulting in an abrupt stop of his
hormone story before it could develop
any further
nemo had no idea what on earth made him
say like that
years later by chance he met red again
who has already become the mom of two
kids kids kids nemo regretted it a lot
therefore he ended this life and went to
back to the time when red
invited him to swim this time he bravely
admitted that the fact that he could not
swim and
asked red to keep the secret for him red
therefore had a crush on nemo because of
his frankness this time however red
turned out to be his stepfather's
daughter his stepsister the horny two
continued their hormone let go game
without telling their parents they spent
all the time together getting pleasure
and excitement from their inmate homo
ship later their parents found are their
affairs saying it was so sick and
intolerable to their eyes in order
separate them his mom and stepfather
broke up and left for different cities
the hormone thirsty two had to say
goodbye to each other red was still in
deep
love with nemo so she asked him to wait
for her at the lighthouse every sunday
until they met again however red never
showed up nemo's mom received all the
letters by red sending him new york in
rage she tore up all of them and
persuaded nemo to start a new life when
he was 34 years old his car
ran off the road into a river and he was
drowned to death he thought this path
did not work for him either so he went
back to the crossroads again
and made a new choice this time he chose
to stay with his dad to start a whole
new life he became interested
in writing science fiction novels when
he the saw girl blue at first sight he
fell in love with her at the time blue
was just dumped by her boyfriend and was
heartbroken therefore nemo was a great
relief to her due to the hormone effect
the two made out that night fantastic
but too
fast later however when he saw blue
again blue was back with the rich
boyfriend nemo drove away on his
motorcycle taking all his anger out on
the throttle he fell into the grove
along the road and became a vegetable he
realized that this was a dead path so he
went back to the time before the
accident and started over
this time nemo was no longer a coward he
chose to
tell blue that he loved her though blue
was just dumped by her boyfriend
and was suffering from an emotional and
hormonal void she still turned him down
she told nemo that though her boyfriend
did not love her she was still in deep
love with him however nemo didn't give
up through his persistence and the
ability to see the future he finally won
blue's heart they got married later
however not long after the wedding a car
accident took away blue's life and nemo
was seriously injured too at the age of
34 nemo became an
astronaut and successfully went to the
space station however an
explosion in the space ended his life
obviously that life was not what he
wanted either therefore he once again
went back to the time before the
accident to
start over with blue however blue never
really loved nemo deep inside her their
incomplete marriage was fated to fail
crying all day long blue thoughts her
life was passing her by and felt her
guilt was going to flood her so blue
left memo this life path proved to be
dead and once again so nemo went back to
the time when he was seven and made a
new choice a brand new life began he met
blue again at the bar
but this time he made a completely
opposite choice he chose and married
yellow who is an asian girl but
definitely not the one he was in love
with for he just wanted to marry
the first girl who choose to dance with
him this was such a stupid decision as
his marriage life was like a nightmare
he was completely lost in a fake
identity which he could not recognize he
even made all his decision randomly by a
coin toss there were so many times that
he tried to drown himself he narrowly
escaped from a trains crush but ended up
killed by two assassins by mistake he
did
not care about how yellow felt though he
saw his own death he did not want to do
anything to change it at all that life
path obviously did not work for him
either so nemo went back again to the
crossroads where his parents broke up
after having run through so many
different life paths he finally realized
the underlying logic of fate life is
like a game of chess in which every
single move is zug zwang the only viable
move is not to take any action which
means not taking choice anymore because
every option has an arranged ending nemo
will die at the age of 34 no matter
which choices he makes
thighs lives exist at the same time and
are equally important the seven-year-old
boy at the crossroads already saw
his future but he did not make a choice
this time instead he ran to the other
side of the crossroads spending his
whole life
alone at the lighthouse many years later
nemo and red finally met again at the
train station they were still in deep
love with each other red had been
pretending to be alive for the past
years waiting to be
together with nemo again to live a
meaningful life the two had a passionate
reunion releasing their full loads of
hormone built up for so many years as
always
fantastic but fast though red gave nemo
her number and left promising she would
meet him in two days at the lighthouse
unfortunately a sudden downpour made her
note a legible the two lost contact
forever at the last moment of his life
memo finally met red again this life
path is the only one that has led to
somewhere so he has lived to 117 years
old it's revealed that all the other
short lives have actually not happened
yet they only exist in the imagination
of a seven-year-old boy when the boy
decides not to make choices anymore the
mirages of the city building outside the
window are taken apart and all the
parallel worlds collapse
suddenly everything disappears in the
final score nemo goes back to the
crossroads and draws a closed loop in
fact no matter whether nemo makes a
choice or not all the previewed in his
mind exist and are
equally important starting from the big
bang and being like the preset springs
they will spontaneously develop into
different life paths
a spacecraft flies near earth and
releases an object which enters the
atmosphere
on a central american beach dutch a
retired vietnam war veteran
and his elite mercenary rescue team
pancho
billy mack blaine and hawkins
are tasked by dutch's former commanding
officer general phillips with rescuing a
foreign cabinet minister and his aide
held hostage by insurgents
cia officer dylan an old friend of
duchess from the vietnam war
is assigned to accompany the team over
dutch's objections
the team discovers the wreckage of a
helicopter in three skinned corpses
identified by dutch's green berets out
of fort bragg that he knew personally
dutch's team reaches the enemy camp and
kills all of the guerrillas
including soviet intelligence officers
confronted by dutch dylan admits the
mission was a setup to retrieve
intelligence from captured operatives
and that the dead green berets
disappeared weeks earlier in a failed
rescue
after capturing anna the only surviving
gorilla
the team proceeds to its extraction
point unaware that they are being
tracked with thermal imaging by an
unseen observer
anna escapes and is chased by hawkins
but they are ambushed by a cloaked
creature
it spares anna but kills hawkins and
drags his body away
dutch organizes a search for hawkins
body during which blaine is killed by
the creature
enraged mack initiates a fire fight that
wounds the creature
revealing luminescent green blood the
unit regroups and realizes that
something in the jungle is stalking them
dylan believes more gorillas are
responsible
but billy is adamant that the predator
is not human
an assertion that is met with skepticism
the team makes camp for the night
setting traps in all directions
that night the traps are set off and
matt kills a wild boar
mistaking it for the creature in the
confusion
the creature steals blaine's body and
dutch realizes that their enemy uses the
trees to travel
making their traps ineffective a second
attempt to capture the creature
using a net momentarily succeeds but it
escapes easily
leaving pancho injured mack and dylan
try to pursue it
but the alien outmaneuvers and kills
them
the creature then catches up with the
others killing billy and pancho and
wounding dutch
realizing the creature does not target
unarmed prey because there is
no sport in it dutch sends anna to the
helicopter unarmed
the creature pursues dutch into a river
and moves within a few feet of a
mud-covered dutch
his thermal signature reduced dutch
remains unseen by the creature and it
moves on
dutch realizes he can use mud as
camouflage
while the creature collects trophies
from the dead soldiers
dutch crafts traps and weapons and lures
the creature to him
he disables the creature's cloaking
device and inflicts minor injuries
but falls into the water losing his mud
camouflage
the creature subdues dutch and wishing
to fight him on equal terms
it discards its energy weapon and mask
and engages dutch in hand-to-hand combat
dutch is almost beaten but manages to
crush the creature under a trap's
counterweight
as the creature lies dying dutch asks
the question
what the hell are you to which the
creature replies back to him the same
question as well before activating a
self-destruct device and laughing madly
with billy's voice
realizing what the creature has done
dutch runs from it as quickly as he can
he manages to take cover just before the
device
explodes and is later rescued by
phillips and anna with a helicopter
movie ends in that scene while exploring
space for new habitable worlds
a probe belonging to the bioengineering
corporation life foundation discovers a
comet covered in symbiotic life forms
the probe returns to earth with four
samples
but one escapes and causes the ship to
crash in malaysia
the life foundation recovers the other
three and transports them to their
research facility in san francisco
where they discover that the symbiotes
cannot survive without oxygen breathing
hosts
which often fatally reject the symbiosis
investigative journalist eddie brock
reads about these human trials in a
classified document in the possession of
his fiancee ann wayne
an attorney preparing a lawsuit defense
for the light foundation
brock confronts life foundation ceo
carlton drake about the trials
leading to both brock and weighing
losing their jobs
consequently weighing ends their
relationship
six months later drake's symbiosis
trials are closer to success
though one of his symbiotes dies due to
carelessness
brock is approached by dora skirt one of
drake's scientists who disagrees with
his methods and wants to expose him
she helps brock break into the research
facility to search for evidence
and he learns that an acquaintance of
his a homeless
woman named maria is one of the test
subjects
brock attempts to rescue maria but the
symbiote possessing her transfers to his
body without him realizing
leaving her dead brock escapes and soon
begins displaying strange symptoms
he reaches out to weighing for help and
her new boyfriend
dr dan lewis discovers the symbiote
on examining brock drake exposes skirth
to the remaining captive symbiote
killing both this leaves the symbiote
inside brock as the only known surviving
specimen
drake sends mercenaries to retrieve this
symbiote from brock
but it manifests around his body as a
monstrous creature that fights off the
attackers
it later introduces itself to bronchus
venom
and explains that the comet is searching
for planets where the symbiotes can
possess and devour the inhabitants
venom offers to spare brock if he helps
the symbiotes achieve their goal
and brock comes to enjoy the superhuman
attributes that the symbiote imbues him
with
brock breaks into his old workplace to
turn in evidence of drake's crimes
but is surrounded by swat officers and
is forced to transform to escape
wayne witnesses this transformation and
takes brock back to lewis office
where they explain that the symbiote is
slowly rotting brock's internal
organs brock notes that the symbiote has
two weaknesses
high pitched noises and fire although
venom claims
that the organ damage can be reversed
wayne uses an mri
machine to help brock separate from the
symbiote
brock is then captured by drake's men
meanwhile the fourth symbiote riot
makes its way from malaysia to san
francisco by hopping from body to body
it bonds with drake who agrees to take
riot in a life
foundation space probe to collect the
rest of the symbiotes and bring them to
earth
weighing reluctantly bonds with venom so
they can free brock
when brock and venom are bonded again
the latter states that he has been
convinced to help
protect the earth from his kind through
his interactions with brock
and the pair attempt to stop riot and
drake with weighing's health
venom damages the probe as it takes off
causing it to explode and kill both riot
and drake
after the incident brock returns to
journalism
while wayne believes brock is no longer
bonded to venom after this
and that venom also died in the
explosion
however the pair remained secretly
bonded and set out to protect
san francisco by killing criminals
in a mid-credits scene brock is invited
to interview incarcerated
serial killer cletus cassidy who
promises
carnage when he escapes movie ends in
that scene
please like share and subscribe